Fix/420 iOS Memory Leak (#560)
react-native-netinfo/react-native-netinfo: README.md

| Property                | Platform                          | Type      | Description                                                                                                                |
| ----------------------- | --------------------------------- | --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `isConnectionExpensive` | Android, iOS, macOS, Windows, Web | `boolean` | If the network connection is considered "expensive". This could be in either energy or monetary terms.                     |

> | `ssid`                  | Android, iOS (not tvOS), Windows | `string`  | The SSID of the network. May not be present, `null`, or an empty string if it cannot be determined. **On iOS, make sure your app meets at least one of the [following requirements](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/systemconfiguration/1614126-cncopycurrentnetworkinfo?language=objc#discussion) & set the `shouldFetchWiFiSSID` configuration option. On Android, you need to have the `ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION` permission in your `AndroidManifest.xml` and accepted by the user**. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ssid`                  | Android, iOS (not tvOS), Windows | `string`  | The SSID of the network. May not be present, `null`, or an empty string if it cannot be determined. **On iOS, your app must meet at least one of the [following requirements](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/systemconfiguration/1614126-cncopycurrentnetworkinfo?language=objc#discussion) and you must set the `shouldFetchWiFiSSID` configuration option or no attempt will be made to fetch the SSID. On Android, you need to have the `ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION` permission in your `AndroidManifest.xml` and accepted by the user**. |
```

| `reachabilityLongTimeout`    | `number`                          | 60 seconds | The number of milliseconds between internet reachability checks when the internet was previously detected. Only used on platforms which do not supply internet reachability natively.                                                     |
| `reachabilityRequestTimeout` | `number`                          | 15 seconds | The number of milliseconds that a reachability check is allowed to take before failing. Only used on platforms which do not supply internet reachability natively.                                                   |                    
| `reachabilityShouldRun` | `() => boolean`                          | `() => true` | A function which returns a boolean to determine if checkInternetReachability should be run.                                                   |                    

> | `shouldFetchWiFiSSID` | `boolean`                          | `fale` | A flag to indicate that the one of the requirements on iOS has been met to retrieve the network (B)SSID.  This has no effect on Android.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `shouldFetchWiFiSSID` | `boolean`                          | `false` | A flag indicating one of the requirements on iOS has been met to retrieve the network (B)SSID, and the native SSID retrieval APIs should be called.  This has no effect on Android.
```

Author: Aww man, the misspelling!  Good catch, I even have cspell's plugin on VSCode...

  reachabilityShortTimeout: 5 * 1000, // 5s
  reachabilityRequestTimeout: 15 * 1000, // 15s
  reachabilityShouldRun: () => true,

>   shouldFetchWiFiSSID: true // met iOS requirements to get SSID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  shouldFetchWiFiSSID: true // met iOS requirements to get SSID. Will leak memory if set to true without meeting requirements.
```
